---
title: 27-01 Practice Test 1
date: 08/20/23
---

## Question 1

You have set up consolidated billing for several AWS accounts. One of the accounts has purchased a number of reserved instances for 3 years. Which of the following is true regarding this scenario?

* [ ] A. The purchased instances will have better performance than On-demand instances
* [ ] B. All accounts can receive the hourly cost benefit of the Reserved Instances
* [ ] C. The Reserved Instance discounts can only be shared with the master account
* [ ] D. There are no cost benefits from using consolidated billing; It is for informational purposes only.

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer B.   
 > For billing purposes, the consolidated billing feature of [AWS Organizations](../16%20Governance/16-01%20Organizations%20and%20Accounts.md#organizations) treats all the accounts in the organization as one account. This means that all accounts in the organization can receive the hourly cost benefit of Reserved Instances that are purchased by any other account. For example, Suppose that Fiona and John each have an account in an organization. Fiona has five Reserved Instances of the same type, and John has none. During one particular hour, Fiona uses three instances and John uses six, for a total of nine instances on the organization's consolidated bill. AWS bills five instances as Reserved Instances, and the remaining four instances as On-demand instances.

---

## Question 2

You have deployed your application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. Your customers complain that sometimes they can’t reach your application. Which AWS service allows you to monitor the performance of your EC2 instances to assist in troubleshooting these issues?

* [ ] A. AWS CloudTrail
* [ ] B. Amazon CloudWatch
* [ ] C. AWS Config
* [ ] D. AWS Lambda

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: B  
 > Amazon CloudWatch is a service that monitors AWS cloud resources and the applications you run on AWS. You can use Amazon CloudWatch to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, set alarms, and automatically react to changes in your AWS resources. Amazon CloudWatch can monitor AWS resources such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon DynamoDB tables, and Amazon RDS DB instances, as well as custom metrics generated by your applications and services, and any log files your applications generate. You can use CloudWatch to detect anomalous behavior in your environments, take automated actions, troubleshoot issues, and discover insights to keep your applications running smoothly.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Amazon Cognito" is incorrect.*** Amazon Cognito allows you to add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile apps quickly and easily.
 > * ***"AWS KMS" is incorrect.*** AWS KMS provides a highly available key storage, management, and auditing solution for you to encrypt data within your own applications and control the encryption of stored data across AWS services.
 > * ***"AWS Config" is incorrect.*** AWS Config is a service that enables you to monitor, assess, and audit all changes made to your AWS resources.

---

## Question 3

Hundreds of thousands of DDoS attacks are recorded every month worldwide. What service does AWS provide to help protect AWS Customers from these attacks? (Choose TWO)

* [ ] A. AWS KMS
* [ ] B. Amazon Cognito
* [ ] C. AWS Shield
* [ ] D. AWS Config
* [ ] E. AWS WAF

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: C and E  
 >  Explanation: AWS provides flexible infrastructure and services that help customers implement strong DDoS mitigations and create highly available application architectures that follow AWS Best Practices for DDoS Resiliency. These include services such as **Amazon Route 53, Amazon CloudFront, Elastic Load Balancing, and AWS WAF** to control and absorb traffic, and deflect unwanted requests. These services integrate with **AWS Shield**, a managed DDoS protection service that provides always-on detection and automatic inline mitigations to safeguard web applications running on AWS.  
 >  ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Amazon Cognito" is incorrect.*** Amazon Cognito allows you to add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile apps quickly and easily.
 > * ***"AWS KMS" is incorrect.*** AWS KMS provides a highly available key storage, management, and auditing solution for you to encrypt data within your own applications and control the encryption of stored data across AWS services.
 > * ***"AWS Config" is incorrect.*** AWS Config is a service that enables you to monitor, assess, and audit all changes made to your AWS resources.

---

## Question 4

What does Amazon CloudFront use to distribute content to global users with low latency?

* [ ] A. AWS Edge Locations
* [ ] B. AWS Availability Zones
* [ ] C. AWS Global Accelerator
* [ ] D. AWS Regions

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: A  
 > Explanation: To deliver content to global end users with lower latency, Amazon CloudFront uses a global network of Edge Locations and Regional Edge Caches in multiple cities around the world. Amazon CloudFront uses this network to cache copies of your content close to your end-users. Amazon CloudFront ensures that end-user requests are served by the closest edge location. As a result, end-user requests travel a short distance, improving performance for your end-users, while reducing the load on the origin servers.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:*** 
 > 
 > * ***AWS Global Accelerator is incorrect.*** AWS Global Accelerator and CloudFront are two separate services that use the AWS global network and its edge locations around the world. CloudFront improves performance for both cacheable (e.g., images and videos) and dynamic content (e.g. dynamic site delivery). Global Accelerator is a good fit for specific use cases, such as gaming, IoT or Voice over IP.
 > * ***"AWS Availability Zones" and "AWS Regions" are incorrect.*** Amazon CloudFront only uses Edge Locations or Regional Edge Caches.

---

## Question 5

Which service provides object-level storage in AWS?

* [ ] A. Amazon EBS
* [ ] B. Amazon EFS 
* [ ] C. Amazon Instance Store
* [ ] D. Amazon S3

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: D   
 > Explanation: Amazon S3 is an object level storage built to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere – web sites and mobile apps, corporate applications, and data from IoT sensors or devices. It is designed to deliver 99.999999999% durability, and stores data for millions of applications used by market leaders in every industry.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Amazon EFS" is incorrect.*** Amazon EFS is a **file-level** storage technology that provides massively parallel shared access to thousands of Amazon EC2 instances, enabling your applications to achieve high levels of aggregate throughput and IOPS with consistently low latencies.
 > * ***"Amazon EBS" is incorrect.*** Amazon EBS is a **block-level** storage that provides storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS instances.
 > * ***"Amazon Instance Store" is incorrect.*** An instance store provides temporary **block-level** storage for your EC2 instances. Instance store is ideal for temporary storage of information that changes frequently, such as buffers, caches, scratch data, and other temporary content.

---

## Question 6

A startup company is operating on limited funds and is extremely concerned about cost overruns. Which of the below options can be used to notify the company when their monthly AWS bill exceeds $2000? (Choose TWO)

* [ ] Setup a CloudWatch billing alarm that triggers an SNS notification when the threshold is exceeded
* [ ] Configure the Amazon Simple Email Service to send billing alerts to their email address on a daily basis
* [ ] Configure the Amazon Connect Service to alert the company when the threshold is exceeded
* [ ] Configure AWS CloudTrail to automatically delete all AWS resources when the threshold is exceeded
* [ ] Configure the AWS Budgets Service to alert the company when the threshold is exceeded

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: A and E  
 > Explanation: In CloudWatch, you can set up a billing alarm that triggers if your costs exceed a threshold that you set. This CloudWatch alarm can also be configured to trigger an SNS notification to your email address.  
 > AWS Budgets is another AWS service that can be used in this scenario. AWS Budgets gives you the ability to set custom budgets that alert you when your costs or usage exceed (or are forecasted to exceed) your budgeted amount. The difference between AWS Budgets and Amazon CloudWatch billing alarms is that Amazon CloudWatch billing alarms alert you only when your **actual** cost exceeds a certain threshold, while AWS Budgets can be configured to alert you when the **actual** or **forecasted** cost exceeds a certain threshold.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Configure the Amazon Connect Service to alert the company when the threshold is exceeded" is incorrect.*** Amazon Connect is a self-service, cloud-based contact center service that makes it easy for any business to deliver better customer service at lower cost. Amazon Connect cannot be used to send billing notifications.
 > * ***"Configure the Amazon Simple Email Service to send billing alerts to their email address on a daily basis" is incorrect.*** Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) is a cloud-based email sending service designed to help digital marketers and application developers send marketing, notification, and transactional emails. Amazon SES cannot be used to send billing alerts.

---

## Question 7

A company has moved to AWS recently. Which of the following AWS Services will help ensure that they have the proper security settings? (Choose TWO)

* [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
* [ ] Amazon SNS
* [ ] Amazon CloudWatch
* [ ] Concierge Support Team
* [ ] Amazon Inspector

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: A and E  
 >  Explanation: Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector automatically assesses applications for vulnerabilities or deviations from best practices. After performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a detailed list of security findings prioritized by level of severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or as part of a detailed assessment report which is available via the Amazon Inspector console or API. To help get started quickly, Amazon Inspector includes a knowledge base of hundreds of rules mapped to common security best practices and vulnerability definitions. Examples of built-in rules include checking for remote root login being enabled, or vulnerable software versions installed. These rules are regularly updated by AWS security researchers.  
 >    
 >  AWS Trusted Advisor offers a rich set of best practice checks and recommendations across five categories: **cost optimization; security; fault tolerance; performance; and service limits.** Like your customized cloud security expert, AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment and provides security recommendations to protect your AWS environment. The service improves the security of your applications by closing gaps, examining permissions, and enabling various AWS security features.  
 >    
 >  ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Amazon SNS" is incorrect.*** Amazon SNS is a pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, distributed systems, and serverless applications.
 > * ***"Concierge Support Team" is incorrect.*** The AWS Concierge Support Team is a specialized offering available only to customers having an Enterprise or Enterprise On-Ramp Support subscription. The Concierge Team assists customers with their billing and account inquiries.
 > * ***"Amazon CloudWatch" is incorrect.*** Amazon CloudWatch is used to monitor the utilization of AWS resources and services. You can use CloudWatch to visualize system metrics, take automated actions, troubleshoot performance issues, discover insights to optimize your applications, and ensure they are running smoothly.

---

## Question 8

What does the AWS Health Dashboard provide? (Choose TWO)

* [ ] Health checks for Auto Scaling instances
* [ ] Recommendations for Cost Optimization
* [ ] A dashboard detailing vulnerabilities in your applications
* [ ] Personalized view of AWS service health
* [ ] Detailed troubleshooting guidance to address AWS events impacting your resources

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: D and E  
 > The AWS Health Dashboard (previously AWS Personal Health Dashboard) is the single place to learn about the availability and operations of AWS services. You can view the overall status of all AWS services, and you can sign in to access a personalized view of the health of the specific services that are powering your workloads and applications. AWS Health Dashboard proactively notifies you when AWS experiences any events that may affect you, helping provide quick visibility and guidance to minimize the impact of events in progress, and plan for any scheduled changes, such as AWS hardware maintenance.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"A dashboard detailing vulnerabilities in your applications" is incorrect.*** You can check your applications for vulnerabilities using other services such as Amazon Inspector.
 > * ***"Recommendations for Cost Optimization" is incorrect.*** You can get help about cost optimization using other services such as the AWS Trusted Advisor.
 > * ***"Health checks for Auto Scaling instances" is incorrect.*** AWS Health Dashboard does not provide instance health checks. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling can determine the health status of an instance by using one or more of the following health checks:
 >   1. Amazon EC2 status checks and scheduled events: Checks that the instance is running; checks for underlying hardware or software issues that might impair the instance.
 >   1. Elastic Load Balancing health checks: Checks whether the load balancer reports the instance as healthy, confirming whether the instance is available to handle requests.
 >   1. Custom health checks: Checks for any other problems that might indicate instance health issues, according to your custom health checks.
 >   * The health status of an Auto Scaling instance indicates whether it is healthy or unhealthy. All instances in your Auto Scaling group start in the healthy state. Instances are assumed to be healthy unless Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling receives notification that they are unhealthy. This notification can come from sources such as Amazon EC2, Elastic Load Balancing, or custom health checks. When Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling detects an unhealthy instance, it terminates it and launches a new one.

---

## Question 9

An organization has decided to purchase an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) for three years in order to reduce costs. It is possible that the application workloads could change during the reservation period.

What is the EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) type that will allow the company to exchange the purchased reserved instance for another reserved instance with higher computing power if they need to?

* [ ] Premium RI
* [ ] Standard RI
* [ ] Convertible RI
* [ ] Elastic RI

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: C  
 > When your needs change, you can exchange your Convertible Reserved Instances and continue to benefit from the reservation's pricing discount. With Convertible RIs, you can exchange one or more Reserved Instances for another Reserved Instance with a different configuration, including **instance family, operating system, and tenancy.** There are no limits to how many times you perform an exchange, as long as the new Convertible Reserved Instance is of an equal or higher value than the original Convertible Reserved Instances that you are exchanging.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Standard RIs" is incorrect.*** You cannot **exchange** Standard Reserved Instances, but you can **modify** them. You can modify attributes such as the Availability Zone, instance size (**within the same instance family**), and scope of your Reserved Instance (regional or zonal). Standard RIs provide the most significant discount (up to 72% off On-Demand) and are best suited for steady-state usage.
 > * ***"Elastic RIs" and "Premium RIs" are not valid RI types.***

---

## Question 10

How can you view the distribution of AWS spending in one of your AWS accounts?

* [ ] By contacting the AWS Finance team
* [ ] By using AWS Cost Explorer
* [ ] By using Amazon VPC console
* [ ] By contacting the AWS Support team

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: B  
 > AWS Cost Explorer is a free tool that you can use to view your costs and usage. You can view data up to the last 12 months, forecast how much you are likely to spend for the next 12 months, and get recommendations for what Reserved Instances to purchase. You can use AWS Cost Explorer to see patterns in how much you spend on AWS resources over time, identify areas that need further inquiry, and see trends that you can use to understand your costs. You can also specify time ranges for the data, and view time data by day or by month.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"By contacting the AWS Finance team" is incorrect.*** The AWS Finance Team provides data driven analysis, strategic decision support, financial planning, and controllership to teams that plan and build data centers, design and source servers, and develop and sell cloud services at massive scale to developers and businesses all over the world.
 > * ***"By contacting the AWS Support team" is incorrect.*** The AWS support team will direct you to use AWS Cost Explorer.
 > * ***"By using Amazon VPC console" is incorrect.*** You can use the Amazon Virtual Private Cloud console to launch AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances. You can use it to specify an IP address range for the VPC, add subnets, associate security groups, and configure route tables.

---

## Question 11

The principle “design for failure and nothing will fail” is very important when designing your AWS Cloud architecture. Which of the following would help adhere to this principle? (Choose TWO)

* [ ] Elastic Load Balancing
* [ ] Multi-factor authentication
* [ ] Penetration testing
* [ ] Availability Zones
* [ ] Vertical Scaling

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: A and D  
 >         Each AWS Region is a separate geographic area. Each AWS Region has multiple, isolated locations known as Availability Zones. When designing your AWS Cloud architecture, you should make sure that your system will continue to run even if failures happen. You can achieve this by deploying your AWS resources in multiple Availability zones. Availability zones are isolated from each other; therefore, if one availability zone goes down, the other Availability Zones will still be up and running, and hence your application will be more fault-tolerant. In addition to availability zones, you can build a disaster recovery solution by deploying your AWS resources in other regions. If an entire region goes down, you will still have resources in another region able to continue to provide a solution. Finally, you can use the Elastic Load Balancing service to regularly perform health checks and distribute traffic only to healthy instances.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Multi-factor authentication" is incorrect.*** AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) is a simple best practice that adds an extra layer of protection on top of your user name and password. Multi-Factor Authentication is much more related to security, not fault tolerance.
 > * ***"Penetration testing" is incorrect.*** Penetration testing is the practice of testing a network or web application to find security vulnerabilities that an attacker could exploit. Penetration testing is much more related to security, not fault tolerance.
 > * ***"Vertical Scaling" is incorrect.*** A "vertically scalable" system is constrained to running its processes on only one computer; in such systems, the only way to increase performance is to add more resources into one computer in the form of faster (or more) CPUs, memory, or storage. Vertical scaling may improve performance, but not fault-tolerance; because if this "one computer" fails, the whole system will fail.

---

## Question 12

​A company is introducing a <span style="color:#98f792">new</span> product to their customers, and is expecting a surge in traffic to their web application. As part of their Enterprise Support plan, which of the following provides the company with architectural and scaling guidance?

* [ ] AWS Health Dashboard
* [ ] Infrastructure Event Management
* [ ] AWS Knowledge Center
* [ ] AWS Support Concierge Service

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: D          
 >         AWS Infrastructure Event Management is a short-term engagement with AWS Support, included in the Enterprise-level Support product offering, and available for additional purchase for Business-level Support subscribers. AWS Infrastructure Event Management partners with your technical and project resources to gain a deep understanding of your use case and provide architectural and scaling guidance for an event. Common use-case examples for AWS Event Management include advertising launches, new product launches, and infrastructure migrations to AWS.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"AWS Health Dashboard" is incorrect.*** The AWS Health Dashboard (previously AWS Personal Health Dashboard) is the single place to learn about the availability and operations of AWS services. You can view the overall status of all AWS services, and you can sign in to access a personalized view of the health of the specific services that are powering your workloads and applications. AWS Health Dashboard proactively notifies you when AWS experiences any events that may affect you, helping provide quick visibility and guidance to minimize the impact of events in progress, and plan for any scheduled changes, such as AWS hardware maintenance.
 > * ***"AWS Knowledge Center" is incorrect.*** [AWS Knowledge Center](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/) is not part of the Enterprise support plan. AWS Knowledge Center is available for everyone free of charge. The AWS Knowledge Center helps answer the questions most frequently asked by AWS customers. The AWS Knowledge Center does not provide guidance on a case-by-case basis.
 > * ***"AWS Support Concierge Service" is incorrect.*** AWS Support Concierge Service assists customers with account and billing inquiries.

---

## Question 13

Which statement is true regarding the AWS Shared Responsibility Model?

* [ ] Security of the IaaS services is the responsibility of AWS
* [ ] Patching the guest OS is always the responsibility of AWS
* [ ] Responsibilities vary depending on the services used
* [ ] Security of the managed services is the responsibility of the customer

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: C  
 >           Customers should be aware that their responsibilities may vary depending on the AWS services chosen.  For example, when using Amazon EC2, you are responsible for applying operating system and application security patches regularly. However, such patches are applied automatically when using Amazon RDS.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"Security of the IaaS services is the responsibility of AWS" is incorrect.*** AWS products that fall into the well-understood category of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) - such as Amazon EC2, and Amazon VPC -  are completely under your control and require you to perform all of the necessary security configuration and management tasks. For example, for EC2 instances, you’re responsible for management of the guest OS (including updates and security patches), any application software or utilities you install on the instances, and the configuration of the AWS-provided firewall (called a security group) on each instance. These are basically the same security tasks that you’re used to performing no matter where your servers are located.
 > * ***"Security of the managed services is the responsibility of the customer" is incorrect.*** AWS is responsible for the security configuration of its managed services. Examples of these types of services include Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon RDS, Amazon Redshift, and Amazon Elastic MapReduce. For most of these services, all you have to do is to configure logical access controls on the resources and protect your account credentials, but overall, the security configuration work is performed by the service.
 > * ***"Patching the guest OS is always the responsibility of AWS" is incorrect.***
 >   *  A computer on which AWS runs one or more virtual machines is called a **host** machine, and each virtual machine is called a **guest** machine. AWS drives the concept of virtualization by allowing the physical host machine to operate multiple virtual machines as guests (for multiple customers) to help maximize the effective use of computing resources such as memory, network bandwidth and CPU cycles.
 >   * Patching the **guest** operating system is the responsibility of AWS for the managed services only (such as Amazon RDS). The customer is responsible for patching the guest OS for other services (such as Amazon EC2).
 >   * AWS is responsible for patching the underlying **hosts**, upgrading the firmware, and fixing flaws within the infrastructure for all services, including Amazon EC2.

---

## Question 14

A company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan. They want quick and efficient guidance with their billing and account inquiries. Which of the following should the company use?

* [ ] AWS Customer Service
* [ ] AWS Operations Support
* [ ] AWS Health Dashboard
* [ ] AWS Support Concierge

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer  
 > Correct Answer: D  
 >      Included as part of the Enterprise Support plan, the Support Concierge Team are AWS billing and account experts that specialize in working with enterprise accounts. The Concierge team will quickly and efficiently assist you with your billing and account inquiries, and work with you to help implement billing and account best practices so that you can focus on running your business.  
 >      Support Concierge service includes:
 > 
 > * \** 24 x7 access to AWS billing and account inquires.
 > * \** Guidance and best practices for billing allocation, reporting, consolidation of accounts, and root-level account security.
 > * \** Access to Enterprise account specialists for payment inquiries, training on specific cost reporting, assistance with service limits, and facilitating bulk purchases.
 > 
 >  ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"AWS Customer Service" is incorrect.*** AWS Customer Service can help AWS customers with their billing and account inquiries, and it is included in all AWS support plans (Basic, Developer, Business, and Enterprise). However, due to the fact that AWS Customer Service is not dedicated to specific types of inquiries, it is not as quick or as efficient as the AWS Support Concierge. AWS Support Concierge is available only for AWS Enterprise support subscribers and is dedicated only to help AWS customers with their billing and account inquiries.
 > * ***"AWS Operations Support" is incorrect.*** AWS Operations Support is an Enterprise support program that provides operations assessments and analysis to identify gaps across the operations lifecycle, as well as recommendations based on best practices.
 > * ***"AWS Health Dashboard" is incorrect.*** The AWS Health Dashboard (previously AWS Personal Health Dashboard) is the single place to learn about the availability and operations of AWS services. You can view the overall status of all AWS services, and you can sign in to access a personalized view of the health of the specific services that are powering your workloads and applications. AWS Health Dashboard proactively notifies you when AWS experiences any events that may affect you, helping provide quick visibility and guidance to minimize the impact of events in progress, and plan for any scheduled changes, such as AWS hardware maintenance.

---

## Question 15

The identification process of an online financial services company requires that new users must complete an online interview with their security team. The completed recorded interviews are only required in the event of a legal issue or a regulatory compliance breach. What is the most cost-effective service to store the recorded videos?

* [ ] S3 Intelligent-Tiering
* [ ] Amazon EBS
* [ ] Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
* [ ] AWS Marketplace

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: C  
 > Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive is an extremely low-cost storage service that provides secure, durable, and flexible storage for long-term data backup and archival. With Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive, customers can reliably store their data for as little as $1 per terabyte per month, a significant savings compared to on-premises solutions. Amazon Glacier enables customers to offload the administrative burdens of operating and scaling storage to AWS, so that they don’t have to worry about capacity planning, hardware provisioning, data replication, hardware failure detection and repair, or time-consuming hardware migrations.  
 > ***The other options are incorrect:***
 > 
 > * ***"S3 Intelligent-Tiering" is incorrect.*** S3 Intelligent-Tiering is ideal for data with unknown or changing access patterns.
 >   * S3 Intelligent-Tiering is the first cloud object storage class that delivers automatic cost savings by moving data between two access tiers - frequent access and infrequent access - when access patterns change.
 > * ***"AWS Marketplace" is incorrect.*** AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that makes it easy for customers to find, buy, deploy, and manage third-party software and services that customers need to build solutions and run their businesses. AWS Marketplace includes thousands of software listings from popular categories such as security, networking, storage, machine learning, business intelligence, database, and DevOps. AWS Marketplace also simplifies software licensing and procurement with flexible pricing options and multiple deployment methods. Customers can quickly launch pre-configured software with just a few clicks, and choose software solutions in AMI and SaaS formats, as well as other formats. Flexible pricing options include free trial, hourly, monthly, annual, multi-year, and BYOL, and get billed from one source, AWS.
 > * ***"Amazon EBS" is incorrect.*** Amazon EBS is a block level storage that provides storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 and Amazon RDS. Amazon EBS is not a cost-effective choice here.

---

## Question 16

A global company with a large number of AWS accounts is seeking a way in which they can centrally manage billing and security policies across all accounts. Which AWS Service will assist them in meeting these goals?

* [ ] IAM User Groups
* [ ] AWS Trusted Advisor
* [ ] AWS Organizations
* [ ] AWS Config

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer
 > 
 > Correct Answer: C  
 >           AWS Organizations helps customers centrally govern their environments as they grow and scale their workloads on AWS. Whether customers are a growing startup or a large enterprise, Organizations helps them to centrally manage billing; control access, compliance, and security; and share resources across their AWS accounts.  
 > AWS Organizations has five main benefits:
 > 
 > 1. Centrally manage access polices across multiple AWS accounts.
 > 1. Automate AWS account creation and management.
 > 1. Control access to AWS services.
 > 1. Consolidate billing across multiple AWS accounts. 
 > 1. Configure AWS services across multiple accounts.
 > 
 > **The other options are incorrect:**
 > 
 > * ***"AWS Trusted Advisor" is incorrect.*** AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides customers with real time guidance to help them provision their resources following AWS best practices.
 > * ***"IAM User Groups" is incorrect.*** IAM user groups are not used to manage multiple AWS accounts. An IAM user group is a collection of IAM users - within the same AWS account - that are managed as a unit. IAM user groups let customers specify permissions for multiple users, which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users. For example, customers could have a user group called Admins and give that user group the types of permissions that administrators typically need.
 > * ***"AWS Config" is incorrect.*** AWS Config is a fully managed service that provides customers with an AWS resource inventory, configuration history, and configuration change notifications to enable security and governance.

---

## Question 17

What does the "Principle of Least Privilege" refer to?

* [ ] All IAM users should have at least the necessary permissions to access the core AWS services
* [ ] You should grant your users only the permissions they need when they need them and nothing more
* [ ] IAM users should not be granted any permissions; to keep your account safe
* [ ] All trusted IAM users should have access to any AWS service in the respective AWS account

 > 
 > \[!example\]- Answer  
 > Correct Answer: B  
 > The principle of least privilege is one of the most important security practices and it means granting users the required permissions to perform the tasks entrusted to them and nothing more. The security administrator determines what tasks users need to perform and then attaches the policies that allow them to perform only those tasks. You should start with a minimum set of permissions and grant additional permissions when necessary. Doing so is more secure than starting with permissions that are too lenient and then trying to tighten them down.

---

## Question 18
